Fantastic, we're on to part two,
your turn.
So now your time to practice,
I have given you, once again,
the JavaScript window has got
some cheat sheet here for
your content sectioning pleasure.
Don't worry about the CSS,
all I want you to do is mark this up and
mark it up as semantically as possible,
don't worry about the styling.
Don't worry about the interactivity,
and there are many right answers.
It all depends on what you're
trying to communicate.
Yes, Mark?
>> I know you only have
one h1 inside a page?
>> It depends on who you talk to.
The SEO people will tell you,
you can only have one h1 per page.
Generally speaking,
the h1 is the site identity.
If you talk to Google they'll tell you
that sure you can have more than one h1,
you might have one h1 for the site
identity, you might have an h1 for
an article for example.
And in some cases you may even have an h1
in a section depending on what you're
trying to communicate.
I think, the industry is
coalescing around one h1 per page.
But technically speaking,
either will validate, and
Google is fine with either of those.
So you're gonna work on
the Kaiju cafe here, and
you just gotta do exactly
just as I just did.
I've had a few hints in here,
I talked about the definition element,
it might be one that you wanna look up,
it might be one you could make use of.
You can read through here,
we've got ours, we've got a menu, and
we've got a quote, we have an address, we
have a disclaimer down here at the bottom.
So let's give you a 15 minutes or
so to get through some of this anyway and
try marking this up.
And I'll go through with you with what
my answer is at that point in time